readme.md, before:

### Prism Syntax Highlighter Plugin For WordPress

> :warning: This plugin no longer maintained (Bug Fixes Only)

Original library developed by - [Lea Verou](https://github.com/PrismJS/prism)

[![WordPress downloads](https://img.shields.io/wordpress/plugin/dt/ank-prism-for-wp.svg?style=flat-square)](https://wordpress.org/plugins/ank-prism-for-wp)
[![WordPress compatable](https://img.shields.io/wordpress/v/ank-prism-for-wp.svg?style=flat-square)](https://wordpress.org/plugins/ank-prism-for-wp)
[![WordPress plugin version](https://img.shields.io/wordpress/plugin/v/ank-prism-for-wp.svg?style=flat-square)](https://wordpress.org/plugins/ank-prism-for-wp)
[![WordPress rating](https://img.shields.io/wordpress/plugin/r/ank-prism-for-wp.svg?style=flat-square)](https://wordpress.org/plugins/ank-prism-for-wp)


### Description
Prism is a lightweight, extensible syntax highlighter, built with modern web standards in mind.
This plugin lets you control and use this awesome library in to your WordPress site.

- - -

>**[Download](https://wordpress.org/plugins/ank-prism-for-wp/) the latest working copy**

- - -

### Prerequisites
* php v5.3.0+ or v7.0.x
* WordPress v3.8.0 or above
* Write permissions on ```out``` folder

#### Quick Links

* Change Log available [here](https://wordpress.org/plugins/ank-prism-for-wp/changelog/)
* Faq available [here](https://wordpress.org/ank-prism-for-wp/faq)
* Original PrismJS GitHub [repo](https://github.com/PrismJS/prism)

#### License
[MIT](LICENSE.txt) License

Commit message:

v3.0.0 Major update (#2)
Sync prism-js related file with original repo

readme.md, after:

### Prism Syntax Highlighter Plugin For WordPress

> 18/04/2017: Updated to the most recent plugins and languages from original repo, thanks to [@thedeviousdev](https://github.com/thedeviousdev) 

Original library developed by - [Lea Verou](https://github.com/PrismJS/prism)

[![WordPress downloads](https://img.shields.io/wordpress/plugin/dt/ank-prism-for-wp.svg?style=flat-square)](https://wordpress.org/plugins/ank-prism-for-wp)
[![WordPress compatable](https://img.shields.io/wordpress/v/ank-prism-for-wp.svg?style=flat-square)](https://wordpress.org/plugins/ank-prism-for-wp)
[![WordPress plugin version](https://img.shields.io/wordpress/plugin/v/ank-prism-for-wp.svg?style=flat-square)](https://wordpress.org/plugins/ank-prism-for-wp)
[![WordPress rating](https://img.shields.io/wordpress/plugin/r/ank-prism-for-wp.svg?style=flat-square)](https://wordpress.org/plugins/ank-prism-for-wp)


### Description
Prism is a lightweight, extensible syntax highlighter, built with modern web standards in mind.
This plugin lets you control and use this awesome library in to your WordPress site.

- - -

>**[Download](https://wordpress.org/plugins/ank-prism-for-wp/) the latest working copy**

- - -

### Prerequisites
* php v5.3.0+ or v7.0.x
* WordPress v3.8.0 or above
* Write permissions on ```out``` folder

#### Quick Links

* Change Log available [here](https://wordpress.org/plugins/ank-prism-for-wp/changelog/)
* Faq available [here](https://wordpress.org/ank-prism-for-wp/faq)
* Original PrismJS GitHub [repo](https://github.com/PrismJS/prism)

#### License
[MIT](LICENSE.txt) License
